#### 有人不赞成用 Object.create

来看看 cloning 的本质是什么

> The point of cloning is to create a fresh new object that doesn't reference any properties in another object.

> A cloned object is a completely new, independent object that has the same properties and values as the parent, but isn't connected to the parent

再看看一些人的观点

> Object.create is not a deep copy (itpastorn mentioned no recursion). 

```javascript
var a = {b:'hello',c:{d:'world'}}, 
var b = Object.create(a); 
a == b /* false */; 
a.c == b.c /* true */;
```
```javascript
var foo = { a : 1 };
var bar = Object.create(foo);
foo;//Object {a: 1}
bar;//Object {} 显然不符合 copy 的本质
foo.b =2;
bar.b; // 2 显然不符合 copy 的本质
```

> This is prototypal inheritance, not cloning. These are completely different things. The new object doesn't have any of it's own properties, it just points to the prototype's properties. The point of cloning is to create a fresh new object that doesn't reference any properties in another object.

> Javascript: The good parts states it well: The prototype relationship is a dynamic relationship. If we add a new property to a prototype, that property will immediately be visible in all of the objects that are based on that prototype

>  What if the cloned object had a property called `info` and the `info` object has properties, including a `weight` property. Then assigning `myclone.info.weight` would modify the prototype, because it reads `info` from the prototype then assigns to the `weight` property of that.





##### Object.assign 也不太好



```javascript
var foo = {info:{a:1}}
var myclone = Object.assign({},foo)
myclone.info.weight = 4
foo; //{info: {a:1,weight:4}} 你看
```

Then assigning `myclone.info.weight` would modify the prototype, because it reads `info` from the prototype then assigns to the `weight` property of that.

this makes a shallow copy only